DOC-1989: Added TINY-9761 to the release notes. (#2737)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

{productname} 6.5 also includes the following bug fixes:

> === Whitespace between transparent elements would incorrectly be converted into empty paragraphs.
> //#TINY-9761
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, when transparent elements had whitespace between them, it would mistakenly convert it into an empty paragraph. This issue occurred when adding a document with multiple adjacent block anchors at the document's root.
> 
> As a consequence, an extra paragraph would be inserted between each block.
> 
> In {productname} 6.5, the extra paragraph is no longer inserted between the block elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Whitespace between transparent elements could, incorrectly, be converted into empty paragraphs.
//#TINY-9761

Previously, when a file containing adjacent _anchor element around block element_ structures was added to the root of a {productname} editor instance, the whitespace between each anchor-block structure was, incorrectly, turned into an empty paragraph.

This update corrects this. When such structures are inserted into a {productname} 6.5 instance, the extra paragraph is no longer inserted between the block elements.
```
Edits.
